We're going to go over the problem using machine learning.
Look at the that said that we're going to be using cursive real anonymize credit card transactions that
data set contains over three hundred thousand transactions all with the overspending labels.
You can see that we have only numbers in the Goans see Kespin anonymize.
That means that we don't know which other than section.
So I would suggest they use those bilocation.
How long has he been one of your users.
Instead we keep values now make all BALLIs that try to represent that same information.
We need to protect their users privacy when we're building systems such justice.
If you expect that that set you will be able to see other columns which include that on such an amount
on the glass.
We'll do that in a few minutes.
Remember each one of the rows represents a certain section with although Karthick guard a newsroom formation
available Our objective is to with the classifier that given a new zone section can tell if it's for
Otherland or not with a corresponding confidence.
We're not going to build an expert system or rules based system that could for example say if they is
from China but that credit card was issued in the U.S. then that section must be for Otherland.
We're going to build both a deep learning network to try to do so and we're going to apply more traditional
machine learning algorithms.
So I just run them for us.
What kind of deep neural network are we going to be.
We could use an alt and go there but we're going to use our stack of dense layers instead.
We're not going to go out and golders in this tutorial.
She'll see that we will get good results without using a more complex network.
If you don't know any of the terms we help us so far don't worry.
We're just getting started.
We'll explain everything later.
The first question we need to answer we're building a classifier is which our classes.
This will determine our network's output.
Given our problem we could identify different sort of classes depending on the fraud risk.
For example we could cover fraudulent transactions risky transactions that leader manwell probation
or just plain simple fraudulent transactions.
In our case we'll just work with two possible labels or classifier will Cowsill label if the transaction
is non fraudulent and on one label if the transaction is fraudulent that's pretty much it for this section.
See you in the Expedia.
We will get familiar with the tools that we're going to be using.